obsloctap skeletal (#2114)
lsst-sqre/phalanx: README.rst

Environments
============

> The environments managed by Argo CD using configuration in this repository are detaild
> on `phalanx.lsst.io <https://phalanx.lsst.io/environments/index.html>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environments managed by Argo CD using configuration in this repository are detailed
on `phalanx.lsst.io <https://phalanx.lsst.io/environments/>`__.
```
